The Joe Rogan experience. Well, there's one thing that Bob talked about from,
uh, some of the,
the documents that he had been given when he was working at [inaudible] was that
they had actually taken apart in engineering, human beings.
And that is to me, like, if you,
if you wanted to say, like, what's, what's the thing,
that's going to get people to roll their eyes the most. Well, you would say,
well that the aliens came down here and they, they, they,
they got ahold of the lower hominids and they accelerated the evolutionary
process and they created human beings. People,
a lot of people go get the out of here. That's crazy. But if you look at people,
one of the weird things about people's how much we vary, we're so different.
Like not like any other animal,
like other than dogs and dogs are the way they are, because we've with them.
Cause we've manipulated them. Uh, we are the dogs of the rest of the world.
You know what I mean? If you really think about it,
we're so different than every other primate.
There's not even anything close to us.
And I know there were some other human species, you know, was the,
how did he say it? [inaudible] right.
There's Neanderthals homo floresiensis, which was those little Hobbit.
People did a bit, a bunch of other humanoids,
but nothing that came close to what we are.
And if you look at ancient, uh,
ancient primates and us,
the leap between them and us is so quick,
the doubling of the human brain size over a period of 2 million years,
it's just bonkers. Like they don't know why they don't know what happened.
They have no idea. But if, if that really is what happened,
if they said, listen, they're going to get there, but we can help. Like,
what is it? Let's just jump in. Cause these things like, look,
chimps are still chimps, right? They're still murdering each other.
There's still tearing monkeys apart and eating them alive.
They're they're still doing the same things they've been doing for thousands and
thousands of years. Whereas we're living in condominiums and watching cable,
you know, it's like whatever has happened to humans has happened.
So the, the, the, the advancement is so unique.
It's so different than any other animal.
If we really have been visited since the beginning of time, since history,
if all those biblical stories and all the stories from the Bhagavad
Gita and all these ancient texts that do talk about vimanas and flying
crafts and beings that come down from upon high,
if all that really is aliens intervening
with the biological evolution of human beings,
how weird or way, you know, I mean, if you think about how weird we are,
period, I mean,
maybe that would kind of explain it that we're some stupid science experiment.
Well, you know, people say, I want disclosure. I want to know we're ready.
We can handle it. Are you sure you can handle the truth? I mean,
are you sure you can handle it because we don't know exactly what it is that can
be disclosed, but what if it turns out that we're an agricultural product,
you know,
that we are being harvested for something or we're being allowed to breed and
kind of science experiment, let's see where this goes.
And then when it's time to end the experiment, I mean,
I'm not sure people can handle it, look at how they've handled COVID.
Well, if you would think about if,
if aliens coming down and interfering with weapon systems and
interfering with nuclear launch codes and things along those lines,
like if you think about the uptick in alien
sightings and activity posts, Hiroshima, Nagasaki,
that would kind of make sense, like, all right, these Dick heads,
they've gotten to a point where they can do some really crazy and they literally
might ruin this whole thing. They figured out how to light the match.
Like if you, if you take this, uh, primate,
this animal and you embed it with the
superior, or at least, uh, more, uh, evolutionary,
advanced genetics,
and you manipulate it to a point where you make it weaker, but smarter,
far more curious and obsessed with innovation, we can just leave it there. Well,
it's just a matter of time. Like how much is that time? Is it a thousand years?
Is it 10,000 years over time? They're going to figure out some crazy.
Cause they're just going to keep working together like they do. And then boom,
bombs go off and they're like, all right,
we got to signal these crazy the figured out how to split the
atom. We got to get down there and, and keep a closer on these people.
But into that possibility of that being the case, I mean,
it's the craziest idea. No, there's crazy ones being put out today. The big.
Bang is the craziest idea. We've all agree on that. That's the craziest thing.
The whole universe came out of nothing smaller than the head of a pin
instantaneously creates everything you've seen in the night sky. Okay.
The technology that shows up that may be reverse engineered or craft or bits and
pieces, you know, I, I sometimes equate it with, let's throw us we're aliens.
Let's throw us a cell phone into a chimpanzee cage here, have at it,
see how you do it for a while.
I don't know that we're ever going to figure this stuff out.
Nah, it, it would be like, let's,
let's take a chimpanzee and let's manipulate its brain and leave him with a
bunch of tools, you know, give it,
give it some things and see what it comes up with.
And then come back and try again. I mean, maybe Neanderthal was like, well,
you know, they're not going to get any further past this, like this,
this project we need to scrap it. Start with something new.
I don't think that's not. Look, we do weird to animals. I mean, we studied them.
We, you know, I was just talking to a friend of mine about zoos,
about how bummed out I was when I went to this Wolf sanctuary because everyone's
like, oh, it's amazing. You get to see these wolves that they've rescued.
I got there. I saw a bunch of castrated wolves that were living in prison.
I didn't think it was cool at all. It freaked me. I got really depressed.
I, I think what you look at what we are willing to do to chimps.
I mean, I remember going to, um, uh, I forget maybe it was Denver.
I forget where it was, the, the zoo,
but there was a zoo where there was this monkey that was in a cage that was
screaming, just scream. Like he was going crazy.
It was a small cage and people were walking around and he's like,
just, and I was like, he's probably going mad.
This is not how a monkey supposed to live. They're supposed to be in the jungle,
in the wild, you know, harvesting food and living with other monkeys.
And that's supposed to be alone in a cage where these other weird primates
walk by and stare at it.
It just overwhelms all of its defense systems and survival
systems. We're willing to do that, to things that we know,
or at least slightly intelligent,
like what would be willing to do weirder,
more advanced experiments to primates. And.
H how do you tell a population,
if you do study UFO's as the government and you find out, okay,
they're a craft and they're coming in, they're probably studying us. Like,
how do you tell people that, like, how are people gonna react?
And the way that it's so compartmentalized,
that's been the best proof to me as well.
If I've talked to somebody who's worked on a project and they're like,
all I saw was a super capacitor in 1974.
And I know this was not something we made. He was told nothing else.
He just saw a technology that was more efficient than anything he had ever
seen. So the idea that people are funneling this information,
whoever is funneling it and protecting this information as we see
how all SAP and Atish didn't get special access permission,
that's a special type of program. They knew about crashed retrieval programs.
So they said, we want to compare notes and information with other UFO projects.
They were denied access.
Yeah. The door, the door was slammed in their face.
When they tried to ask that Senator Reed, it was Senate,
majority leader had asked for permission to create it as an SAP special access
program so they could get access to other goodies. And they said, no,
like other.
Retrieval programs, material program stuff that Bob has talked about.
So just the fact that it's, it's so hidden even within its own mechanism,
that they won't allow this scientific team to work on this project. It tells me,
as Robbie says, something's up. I mean, something's up,
[inaudible].